check out one fifa calm by using the
link in the description down below to
get yourself fast and reliable 3 for 14
queens also use discount code penguin 5
to get yourself five percent off all
your purchases alright guys and welcome
back to yet game end of a fifa 14 hybrid
squad builder in today's video i am
bringing you an insane squad which is
ridiculously overpowered and if he'd of
the Queen's highly recommend getting it
is really epic and that the reason I
built this squad is because at the main
man who is a team of the season in
mobile I think that's how you say his
name actually got him in a pack and
decide to build a squad around them it
turned out to be a quite incredible to
be fair but anyway going straight into
this team I'm thirsty and go we're in
the Premier League that's cuz we've got
Hugo Lloris from Tottenham and that he
is a very good goalkeeper 8 full rated
and got some insane stats as far right
back down we've got a very quick player
in a barter with 93 pace it 78 rated
from the Italian league and he is a very
good right back probably one the best on
the game in my opinion as for our first
right back on the right hand side we're
back in the Premier League of a chelsea
player and again another incredibly
sweaty player that is David Luiz with 77
page 79 defending and eight heading
that's for all sent back on the left
hand side we're introducing a new league
yet again there's the League of
Portuguese at with man garlic as for our
final a defender in the squad in the
left back row we've got Sandro so gained
a novel player for Porto with eight to
paste I'm AC dribbling but let me go and
go into our midfield I'm firstly in the
right midfield position we've got sissy
from Torino so of course again Italian
league and those battalion nationality
it's got 84 pace and 84 dribbling then
they squads a very good job on that
right hand side they're getting a few
assists for the main man up front then
for our affair central midfielder on the
right hand side we've got a game anal
brazilian from chelsea that is Ramirez
and then again another incredibly
overpowered player with an 88 pace and
81 dribbling now of course he also does
of us high attacking and high defensive
work rates as throttle the midfielder on
the left hand side we've got a gay name
of a Brazilian this time from the
portuguese league that is elias and that
light Ramirez he has got some incredible
at well bounced up
with 80 page 77 defending and again high
attacking and high defensive workrate so
at the midfield enlisting really is a
very overpowered as for a left midfield
and we've got coppell from a sporting
lisbon again getting a strong link for
central midfielder and that he has got
18 piece in 85 dribbling and really has
a hidden gem on fee for this year only
around eight hundred coins and really
isn't insanely good player going into
our forwards then in this Gordon firstly
absent forward we're back in the Italian
league and that's because we've got
Robinho so originally a strike us you do
need to convert him into sent forward
but never lets very good player in this
position with eighty two peas and their
89 dribbling but anyway moving on to the
final player of this squad and the inner
striker role we do out there the main
man of this team that is a mobile or
imma be or something like that wherever
his name is here's an insanely good
player being 82 rated on his team the
season is in sucks just start incredible
as well making them a perfect Straker on
this game to look at the amount of goals
he did get in this squad a very good
play it for a very good team but anyway
guys on 40 that just brings us to the
end of this video if you did enjoy it
please deliver like it could smash 80
likes that be greatly appreciated to
make sure you do it drop a like on this
video and also make sure you are
subscribed this channel for more fifa 14
videos